What!
Luo Yuan is the real trap of the Lu Family
Grandpa
You are not in good health
Don't eat so many sweets at night
Hey
My body is very strong
Don't talk about eating some sweets with my precious granddaughter
Even if it's late
He really wants me to accompany him up the mountain and down the sea
My old man can stand it
I knew grandpa was the best for me
What's up?
Is the dessert bad?
No.
Grandpa, I recently took a fancy to a diamond necklace.
And some haute couture dresses
But it costs 100 million.
Can you give me some money?
Otherwise, go to the party with your friends
I always get called dirty by them
What necklace?
Brother will buy it for you.
No, boys are not delicate
You can't buy what I want. Okay.
Buy it anyway
You arrange
But don't fall asleep and go now
OK
No, grandpa is already suspicious
Must come into my house